docs/contrib.md, before:

Getting involved/contributing
=============================

Testing
-------

If you want to try out the latest version of this thing yourself:

1. Follow the installation instructions above, but instead of downloading a
   release, clone this repository to get the latest development version of the
   code.
2. Copy all the .py files to the `addons` folder under your Blender scripts
   folder, or run export/build.sh to automatically copy the Blender scripts.

To clone the repository:

1. Open the Linux terminal/Command prompt/Git Bash/whatever you use.
2. Go to a directory outside of your Blender scripts folder.
3. Type in `git clone https://github.com/Talon1024/WCPBlenderExporter`, and
   press enter.

This will create a folder named "WCPBlenderExporter" containing the latest
versions of the code files.

To update to the latest development version of the code:

1. Go to the folder you cloned the repository into using the Linux
   terminal/Command prompt/Git Bash/whatever you use.
2. Type in `git pull origin master`, and press enter.

Development
-----------

If you want to contribute to this project, get the latest development version
of the code, and check out the issues page, or the [TODO Document](TODO.md).

Commit message:

Remove deprecated link to TODO document in contrib.md.

docs/contrib.md, after:

Getting involved/contributing
=============================

Testing
-------

If you want to try out the latest version of this thing yourself:

1. Follow the installation instructions above, but instead of downloading a
   release, clone this repository to get the latest development version of the
   code.
2. Copy all the .py files to the `addons` folder under your Blender scripts
   folder, or run export/build.sh to automatically copy the Blender scripts.

To clone the repository:

1. Open the Linux terminal/Command prompt/Git Bash/whatever you use.
2. Go to a directory outside of your Blender scripts folder.
3. Type in `git clone https://github.com/Talon1024/WCPBlenderExporter`, and
   press enter.

This will create a folder named "WCPBlenderExporter" containing the latest
versions of the code files.

To update to the latest development version of the code:

1. Go to the folder you cloned the repository into using the Linux
   terminal/Command prompt/Git Bash/whatever you use.
2. Type in `git pull origin master`, and press enter.

Development
-----------

If you want to contribute to this project, get the latest development version
of the code, and check out the issues page, or the [Wing Blender forum thread]() on WC CIC.
